right before Christmas a good guy in red
is coming to theaters with his new
sidekick
Fred why am I here you're in a pg-13
version of Deadpool filtered through the
prison of childlike innocence and nobody
does childlike innocence like you Fred
nobody I need you almost as much as you
need me I don't need you at all me to
untie you once we're done
[Music]
I loved your working up I'm sorry don't
get to a test once upon a Deadpool kind
of prefer Marvel movies we are Merkel
yeah but you're you know Marvel license
my Fox it's like if the Beatles were
produced by Nickelback it's music but it
sucks you were nicer as a kid rated
pg-13 limited engagement in theaters
December 12th
[Music]